---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-26T04:38:08.095Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-26T04:35:00.743Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-26-8c90a152-576c-4aea-840a-b6bce70033a7.md
published: true
url: 8c90a152-576c-4aea-840a-b6bce70033a7/index.html
_type: Article

---
We can have videos with people like Jaimie offering meditations to do before sitting down to write... music, inspired by Lee... (Income streams for them to link into) 

I imagine a module that guides people to go on a journey, and without realising it, they write the outline to a part of their own story, a painful part of life, as you suggested, which leads to healing, and forms the basis of a novel they could write, without them actually sitting down to write a novel... Make sense?

I imagine a basic introduction module, which teaches and forms the habits needed to cultivate a good writing practice... 21 days, meditation, yoga, healthy food... journaling... etc... 

We can run a yearly retreat in Bali too.... 

The possibilities are endless! 

So, dear Abi, fair wondering Dreamcatcher. Will you catch me a dream and help me turn it into reality? 

I see this as a project of love, creativity and fun. It will require determination, and effort and commitment. Although how much or little you wish to be involved, is of course up to you. I hope, and hold the space for us to be equal partners in this venture. We can invite and utilise the skills and magic of others as we feel we need. 

However, I also see this as a business opportunity. I see this as a source of income that will pay us 24hours a day, wherever we are in the world, whatever we are doing... so that we can spend our time creating more awesomeness for ourselves and others, knowing that finance is taking care of us. 

I believe we can get this up and running in its first stage fairly quickly. All we need is content for a website... who we are, what the course is about, what the outcomes are... 

A pdf module people can download, with some tutorial video's... 

Website I can make... once we have a product (Module) up... we test it... if someone buys it, likes it, reviews it... then we have a business. What we make we reinvest into it, grow the modules (products) Promote, market it... test it... improve... and keep going... 

How does that all sound so far? Scary and exciting eh!?

Personally, talking to you this morning, tells me to my core that you are the person I want to create this with. You are a magical person Abigail. Whenever I've shared my experiences on the camino, people have often said, that they wished they had, or could have such experiences. You are one of the rare, and few people that i've heard similar magical experiences - to that level, in that way... listening to you share this morning gave me chills and warmed my heart. You have to believe in magic to experience it. You have to believe in love to feel it. You have to dream, to turn a dream into reality. I'd love to share this journey with you Abi. 

Let me know your thoughts.

Everything is welcome. 

With love...

Me

xxx