---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-26T04:25:11.141Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-26T04:24:32.049Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-26-aae319d6-6676-49b1-a7db-365734719d1e.md
published: true
url: aae319d6-6676-49b1-a7db-365734719d1e/index.html
_type: Article

---
Dearest Abigail, 

I am writing to you from the other side of the planet. I am sitting on a bottle green bench, surrounded by wood chip, blended to grass, which meets the gentle lap of the wide brown river Brisbane. I am shaded from the morning sun by the reach of some beautiful, green leafed trees. And I can hear birds of many sizes, in many places, calling in tones of whistle and warble. Their chorus drowns out the distant city hum, the tap of a hammer, and the low buzz of a lawn mower making lines across the sports pitch. There are boats on the river, tied and moored for now, but their gentle bob and rock, as eager and natural as a horse pulling on a tether, reminds me that some hearts are made for journeys. And though circumstances may tame, we are in essence wild things, with wild longings, and wild unknown, unknowable callings, that only vast and empty spaces can call home. As my I, settles the hull of my own body, and ties a few knots to this place by the river for now, I trust in the knowledge that to travel and to journey, to one's such as us, and where we are now in ourselves, is a matter of growth and expansion, rather miles or places. 

I would like to invite you on a journey with me. A journey of discovery, adventure, of creativity and magic. What wonders will we uncover? What creativity will move through our channel. What joy, healing and presence, will you and I find in ourselves, and open for others. 

You have already began perfectly... Awaken with words... (so beautiful) ...The yoga of writing. 

...so let us break out the crayons, and yin yang together...

I imagine a writing course that is unique and profoundly different from everything else currently on offer. I imagine a course which does away with the headmaster, the school teacher, the academic rule book and speaks, listens, hears and holds the parts of us which were free and uninhibited by a national curriculum. Where expression, creativity and flow rules supreme and never feared a spell check, nor format. 

I imagine a writing course, that promotes the journey, over the destination. Whilst people will have access to modules that teach technique, plot, structure, story telling, publishing, novel writing, etc etc... the most important aspects of the course is to free each person from their self doubt, fear, and liberate them, to express fully. Modules that are holistic, and understand the multi-dementional reality of life. That everything we experience, is a reflection of our inner world. And to utilise that, to promote love and self care. Let us do away with the notion of the torn and tragic poet, the suicidal Writer, the drunk and despite, broken creative. Let us hold the space for those wounds, yet show an alternative, and make it available, accessible, and worthy. 

We live in a world full of illusion. We live in the age of information... or misinformation. Never has there been such a need for each of us to speak our truth, and never before has there been such opportunity to have our voices heard. Our stories shared. Our hurts healed. 

As with the Camino, when you meet that old, new friend on the road for the first and every-time, and you share a piece of your life story, and they theirs, and that magical puzzle piece moment occurs... and the part of you, you couldn't see, and the bit of them they'd thought they'd lost, rejoins... remembers... re-membership with yourself's... that's what we will attempt to orchestrate, and so much more. 

This will be a course of healing and transformation. 

_... by the firelight we find out who we are._

The Maasai Mara tribes hold the belief that a persons wealth is not measured in the count of gold or bronze, not fur or bone, but in the reach and breadth of their story. 

I imagine this course to empower people to self expression. To discover the truth of who they are, and uncover the uncountable value of what they contribute, by being the full expression of themselves. 

_I imagine a course of awakening - Awakening with words... _

I picture this course to have lots of modules... which in turn lead to products we can sell. Teachers, trainers, mystics, healers to be connected with. An online magazine, or newspaper which promotes their Writing, great content for contents sake, not for the sake of selling something. I imagine each person that undertakes and completes the "Journey" - somehow their work helps the people on the next course... like with the Camino, when you would discover someone had left a note, or written something in stones or dirt on the path. 

I imagine this will be a course people can buy and access any time and anywhere in the world via a website. Once purchased, they will have access to downloadable content, which guides them through sections... there will be videos by us... (I see a promotional video like this... 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INee4cciM90

which was made for my friends Breathwork... or my other friends retreats...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeiwUIN7auo

-   It could have me in Bali, you in Jersey for example, contrasts in environment, contrast in colours, in styles... inspiring, friendly, magical.)

We can have videos with people like Jaimie offering meditations to do before sitting down to write... music, inspired by Lee... (Income streams for them to link into) 

I imagine a module that guides people to go on a journey, and without realising it, they write the outline to a part of their own story, a painful part of life, as you suggested, which leads to healing, and forms the basis of a novel they could write, without them actually sitting down to write a novel... Make sense?

I imagine a basic introduction module, which teaches and forms the habits needed to cultivate a good writing practice... 21 days, meditation, yoga, healthy food... journaling... etc... 

We can run a yearly retreat in Bali too.... 

The possibilities are endless! 

So, dear Abi, fair wondering Dreamcatcher. Will you catch me a dream and help me turn it into reality? 

I see this as a project of love, creativity and fun. It will require determination, and effort and commitment. Although how much or little you wish to be involved, is of course up to you. I hope, and hold the space for us to be equal partners in this venture. We can invite and utilise the skills and magic of others as we feel we need. 

However, I also see this as a business opportunity. I see this as a source of income that will pay us 24hours a day, wherever we are in the world, whatever we are doing... so that we can spend our time creating more awesomeness for ourselves and others, knowing that finance is taking care of us. 

I believe we can get this up and running in its first stage fairly quickly. All we need is content for a website... who we are, what the course is about, what the outcomes are... 

A pdf module people can download, with some tutorial video's... 

Website I can make... once we have a product (Module) up... we test it... if someone buys it, likes it, reviews it... then we have a business. What we make we reinvest into it, grow the modules (products) Promote, market it... test it... improve... and keep going... 

How does that all sound so far? Scary and exciting eh!?

Personally, talking to you this morning, tells me to my core that you are the person I want to create this with. You are a magical person Abigail. Whenever I've shared my experiences on the camino, people have often said, that they wished they had, or could have such experiences. You are one of the rare, and few people that i've heard similar magical experiences - to that level, in that way... listening to you share this morning gave me chills and warmed my heart. You have to believe in magic to experience it. You have to believe in love to feel it. You have to dream, to turn a dream into reality. I'd love to share this journey with you Abi. 

Let me know your thoughts.

Everything is welcome. 

With love...

Me

xxx

[][0][][1]

[0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INee4cciM90
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeiwUIN7auo